# Minutes

Trustee meeting, 25th June 2018, 18:00 London time.

## In attendance

* Sam Moorhouse, trustee (chair)
* James Belsey, trustee
* Chelsey Roebuck, trustee

## Agenda items

### Issues arising

1. The attendees agreed to hold a trustee meeting FOUR times a year.
1. The attendees agreed to hold meetings via teleconference with a preference for video.
1. The attendees agreed to communicate via WhatsApp, email and teleconference.
1. The attendees agreed to host meeting minutes on GitHub at https://github.com/glblcd/policy/minutes, and to use GitHub Issues to track agenda items and action items.

### Charitable aims

Sam gave a report on the status of the summer program which starts next week.

The attendees agreed that they were fulfilling all the aims of the registered charity.

### Finance

Sam informed the attendees that Chelsey's ID hadn't turned up at the bank, and Chelsey agreed to re-send his ID so we can open a bank account.

Sam told the attendees that we've got Â£355 in his bank account.

James asked if it's possible to be more tax-efficient w.r.t money already paid for the flights and agreed to ask an accountant.

### Safeguarding

James asked about the degree to which we'd informed our volunteers about health and safety hazards in Ghana, and Sam described the Health and Safety policy that all our volunteers agreed to.

### Other Business

Chelsey asked if we had directors and trustees insurance. Sam described the insurance we have and the limited individual liability we share. 